welcome to Swansea Civic Center the
place to do business with Swansea
Council you can borrow books from the
central library talk to one of our
helpful staff about council services or
look up your family history it's all
here let's have a look around scripts
Asia particularly to the children
there's a good sense of fun in the place
because you've got kind of climbing
frames and there's kind of little
tunnels and things whether whether books
are set up and they really enjoy coming
down I'm sure as the kids get a bit
older we'll probably use the internet
services and things of yeah I visit many
archives around the country and so far
this has been the the best laid out the
best organized and easy to use spacious
and very comfortable
under staff have been really really
helpful so I would say one of the best
services I want off there within the
contact center are things like we knew
all our new disability arch visitors
parking any queries council tax and
housing benefits and anything that's
going to bring you into the contact
account so that's what we deal with here
we've had a lot of very positive
feedback from members of the public
saying how much easier it is to contact
matters and speak to is about any clues
they have why not round off your trip to
the Civic Center with a visit to the
seafront cafe where you can enjoy a
coffee whilst taking in stunning views
of Swansea Bay